Replace the project name "Chariott" in code and package names, with the component name "intent brokering" (#251)
eclipse-chariott/chariott: intent_brokering/examples/applications/simulated-camera/README.md

## To run the application

1. Start intent brokering runtime by executing `cargo run -p intent_brokering` from the root directory
2. Navigate to `intent_brokering/examples/applications/simulated-camera` directory

> 3. Create a `images` directory and place there all the `.jpg` files you want the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Create an `images` directory and place all the `.jpg` files there that you want the
```

   ```

   This makes a single request for a subscription intent for simulated camera

>    frames arriving at the desired frame per minute rate. The broker then passes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   frames arriving at the desired frame per minute rate. The Intent Broker then passes
```
